LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
setup.cfg
setup.py
imagepy/IPy.py
imagepy/__init__.py
imagepy/__main__.py
imagepy.egg-info/PKG-INFO
imagepy.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
imagepy.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
imagepy.egg-info/entry_points.txt
imagepy.egg-info/requires.txt
imagepy.egg-info/top_level.txt
imagepy/core/__init__.py
imagepy/core/draw/__init__.py
imagepy/core/draw/fill.py
imagepy/core/draw/paint.py
imagepy/core/draw/polygonfill.py
imagepy/core/engine/__init__.py
imagepy/core/engine/filter.py
imagepy/core/engine/free.py
imagepy/core/engine/macros.py
imagepy/core/engine/mkdown.py
imagepy/core/engine/report.py
imagepy/core/engine/simple.py
imagepy/core/engine/table.py
imagepy/core/engine/tool.py
imagepy/core/engine/widget.py
imagepy/core/engine/workflow.py
imagepy/core/loader/__init__.py
imagepy/core/loader/loader.py
imagepy/core/manager/__init__.py
imagepy/core/manager/clipbdmanager.py
imagepy/core/manager/colormanager.py
imagepy/core/manager/configmanager.py
imagepy/core/manager/documentmanager.py
imagepy/core/manager/iomanager.py
imagepy/core/manager/languagemanager.py
imagepy/core/manager/pluginmanager.py
imagepy/core/manager/roimanager.py
imagepy/core/manager/shotcutmanager.py
imagepy/core/manager/taskmanager.py
imagepy/core/manager/windowmanager.py
imagepy/core/mark/__init__.py
imagepy/core/mark/mark.py
imagepy/core/myvi/__init__.py
imagepy/core/myvi/canvas3d.py
imagepy/core/myvi/frame3d.py
imagepy/core/myvi/manager.py
imagepy/core/myvi/txtmark.py
imagepy/core/myvi/util.py
imagepy/core/myvi/imgs/__init__.py
imagepy/core/myvi/imgs/configure.png
imagepy/core/myvi/imgs/isometric.png
imagepy/core/myvi/imgs/logo.ico
imagepy/core/myvi/imgs/open.png
imagepy/core/myvi/imgs/parallel.png
imagepy/core/myvi/imgs/save.png
imagepy/core/myvi/imgs/stl.png
imagepy/core/myvi/imgs/x-axis.png
imagepy/core/myvi/imgs/y-axis.png
imagepy/core/myvi/imgs/z-axis.png
imagepy/core/pixel/__init__.py
imagepy/core/pixel/bliter.py
imagepy/core/roi/__init__.py
imagepy/core/roi/convert.py
imagepy/core/roi/lineroi.py
imagepy/core/roi/ovalroi.py
imagepy/core/roi/pointroi.py
imagepy/core/roi/polygonroi.py
imagepy/core/roi/rectangleroi.py
imagepy/core/roi/roi.py
imagepy/core/roi/roiio.py
imagepy/core/util/__init__.py
imagepy/core/util/fileio.py
imagepy/core/util/tableio.py
imagepy/core/util/testdata.py
imagepy/core/util/xlreport.py
imagepy/core/wraper/__init__.py
imagepy/core/wraper/imageplus.py
imagepy/core/wraper/tableplus.py
imagepy/data/__init__.py
imagepy/data/logo.ico
imagepy/data/logolong.png
imagepy/data/shotcut.cfg
imagepy/data/watermark.png
imagepy/data/luts/16_Colors.lut
imagepy/data/luts/6_Shades.lut
imagepy/data/luts/BRGBCMYW.lut
imagepy/data/luts/Blue.lut
imagepy/data/luts/Cyan.lut
imagepy/data/luts/Cyan_Hot.lut
imagepy/data/luts/Grays.lut
imagepy/data/luts/Green.lut
imagepy/data/luts/Green_Fire_Blue.lut
imagepy/data/luts/HiLo.lut
imagepy/data/luts/ICA.lut
imagepy/data/luts/ICA2.lut
imagepy/data/luts/ICA3.lut
imagepy/data/luts/Jet.lut
imagepy/data/luts/Magenta.lut
imagepy/data/luts/Magenta_Hot.lut
imagepy/data/luts/Orange_Hot.lut
imagepy/data/luts/Pink.lut
imagepy/data/luts/README.txt
imagepy/data/luts/Red.lut
imagepy/data/luts/Red_Hot.lut
imagepy/data/luts/Yellow.lut
imagepy/data/luts/Yellow_Hot.lut
imagepy/data/luts/__init__.py
imagepy/data/luts/gem.lut
imagepy/ipyalg/__init__.py
imagepy/ipyalg/graph/__init__.py
imagepy/ipyalg/graph/skel2d.py
imagepy/ipyalg/graph/sknw.py
imagepy/ipyalg/hydrology/__init__.py
imagepy/ipyalg/hydrology/edt.py
imagepy/ipyalg/hydrology/findmax.py
imagepy/ipyalg/hydrology/isoline.py
imagepy/ipyalg/hydrology/ridge.py
imagepy/ipyalg/hydrology/watershed.py
imagepy/menus/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Analysis/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Analysis/label_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Analysis/statistic_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Analysis/Pixel Cluster/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Analysis/Pixel Cluster/cluster_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Analysis/Pixel Cluster/kmeans_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Analysis/Pixel Cluster/statistic_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Analysis/Region Analysis/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Analysis/Region Analysis/regionprops_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Analysis/Region Analysis/statistic_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Analysis/Skeleton Network/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Analysis/Skeleton Network/graph_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Edit/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Edit/edit_plg.py
imagepy/menus/File/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/File/exit_plg.py
imagepy/menus/File/new_plg.py
imagepy/menus/File/open_plg.py
imagepy/menus/File/save_plg.py
imagepy/menus/File/BMP/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/File/BMP/bmp_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/File/DAT/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/File/DAT/dat_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/File/DICOM/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/File/DICOM/dicom_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/File/Export/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/File/Export/sequence_plg.py
imagepy/menus/File/GIF/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/File/GIF/animate_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/File/GIF/gif_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/File/Import/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/File/Import/raw_plg.py
imagepy/menus/File/Import/roi_plg.py
imagepy/menus/File/Import/sequence_plg.py
imagepy/menus/File/JPG/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/File/JPG/jpg_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/File/MAT/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/File/MAT/mat_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/File/Numpy/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/File/Numpy/ndarray_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/File/Open Recent/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/File/Open Recent/recent_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/File/PNG/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/File/PNG/png_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/File/Samples ImageJ/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/File/Samples ImageJ/ijsample_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/File/Samples Local/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/File/Samples Local/samples_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/File/Samples Online/Author.mc
imagepy/menus/File/Samples Online/DEM.mc
imagepy/menus/File/Samples Online/Lena.mc
imagepy/menus/File/Samples Online/Logo.mc
imagepy/menus/File/Samples Online/Two Boxes.mc
imagepy/menus/File/Samples Online/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/File/TIF/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/File/TIF/tif3d_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/File/TIF/tif_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Help/Help_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Help/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Help/Language/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Help/Language/language_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Image/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Image/background_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Image/canvassize_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Image/crop_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Image/duplicate_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Image/resize_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Image/setscale_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Image/Adjust/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Image/Adjust/brightcons_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Image/Adjust/colorbalance_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Image/Adjust/colorstairs_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Image/Adjust/curve_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Image/Adjust/graystairs_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Image/Adjust/histogram_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Image/Adjust/threshold_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Image/Color/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Image/Color/splitandmerge_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Image/Lookup table/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Image/Lookup table/lookuptables_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Image/Mark/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Image/Mark/mark_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Image/Stack/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Image/Stack/orthogonal_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Image/Stack/stack_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Image/Transform/Transform_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Image/Transform/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Image/Type/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Image/Type/convert_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Image/Type/tostack_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Kit3D/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Kit3D/Analysis 3D/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Kit3D/Analysis 3D/pixelstatistic_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Kit3D/Analysis 3D/regionprops3d_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Kit3D/Analysis 3D/surfacemeasure_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Kit3D/Binary 3D/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Kit3D/Binary 3D/binary3d_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Kit3D/Features 3D/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Kit3D/Features 3D/ridge_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Kit3D/Filters 3D/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Kit3D/Filters 3D/filters3d_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Kit3D/IO 3D/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Kit3D/Network 3D/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Kit3D/Network 3D/toolkit3d_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Kit3D/Viewer 3D/2DSurface Demo.mc
imagepy/menus/Kit3D/Viewer 3D/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Kit3D/Viewer 3D/colorpts_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Kit3D/Viewer 3D/demo_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Kit3D/Viewer 3D/surface_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Kit3D/Viewer 3D/tablepoints_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/screencap_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/update_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Contribute/Contribute Document.md
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Contribute/Contribute Plugin.md
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Contribute/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Contribute/pmanager_wgt.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Games/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Games/crossstick_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Games/drawstep_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Games/lifegame_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Install/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Install/installpkg_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Install/installplg_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Macros/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Macros/recorder_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Macros/recorder_wgt.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Macros/icons/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Macros/icons/copy.png
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Macros/icons/cut.png
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Macros/icons/delete.png
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Macros/icons/open.png
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Macros/icons/paste.png
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Macros/icons/pause.png
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Macros/icons/play.png
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Macros/icons/record.png
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Macros/icons/runlines.png
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Macros/icons/save.png
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Manager/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Manager/console_wgt.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Manager/plglist_wgt.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Manager/plgmanager_wgt.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Manager/plgtree_wgt.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Manager/shotcut_wgt.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/Manager/toltree_wgt.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/New/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/New/demo_filter.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/New/demo_free.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/New/demo_simple.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/New/demo_tool.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/New/new_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/StackReg/StackReg License.md
imagepy/menus/Plugins/StackReg/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Plugins/StackReg/stackreg_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Process/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Process/calculator_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Process/repair_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Process/Binary/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Process/Binary/binary_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Process/Binary/distance_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Process/FFT/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Process/FFT/fft_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Process/Features/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Process/Features/corner_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Process/Features/edge_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Process/Features/ridge_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Process/Filters/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Process/Filters/classic_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Process/Hydrology/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Process/Hydrology/hydrology_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Process/Math/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Process/Math/math_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Process/Segment/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Process/Segment/active_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Process/Segment/graph_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Process/Segment/shift_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Process/Threshold/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Process/Threshold/threshold_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Selection/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Selection/roiwindow_wgt.py
imagepy/menus/Selection/select_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Table/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Table/Basic Operator/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Table/Basic Operator/basic_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Table/Chart/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Table/Chart/plot_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Table/Selection/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Table/Selection/select_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Table/Signal/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Table/Signal/signal_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Table/Statistic/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Table/Statistic/frequency_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Table/Statistic/sort_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Table/Statistic/statistic_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Table/Table IO/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Table/Table IO/tableio_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Table/Universal Generator/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Table/Universal Generator/gnerator_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Window/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Window/develop_wgts.py
imagepy/menus/Window/widgets_plgs.py
imagepy/menus/Window/windowskiller_plg.py
imagepy/menus/Window/Windows Style/__init__.py
imagepy/menus/Window/Windows Style/style_plgs.py
imagepy/tools/__init__.py
imagepy/tools/drop.gif
imagepy/tools/Draw/__init__.py
imagepy/tools/Draw/flood3d.gif
imagepy/tools/Draw/flood3d_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Draw/floodfill.gif
imagepy/tools/Draw/floodfill_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Draw/magic.gif
imagepy/tools/Draw/magic_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Measure/__init__.py
imagepy/tools/Measure/angle.gif
imagepy/tools/Measure/angle2.gif
imagepy/tools/Measure/angle2_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Measure/angle_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Measure/area.gif
imagepy/tools/Measure/area_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Measure/coordinate.gif
imagepy/tools/Measure/coordinate_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Measure/distance.gif
imagepy/tools/Measure/distance_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Measure/profile.gif
imagepy/tools/Measure/profile_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Measure/setting.gif
imagepy/tools/Measure/setting.py
imagepy/tools/Measure/setting_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Network/Build Graph.gif
imagepy/tools/Network/Build Graph.mc
imagepy/tools/Network/Cut Branch.gif
imagepy/tools/Network/Cut Branch.mc
imagepy/tools/Network/Cut By ROI.gif
imagepy/tools/Network/Cut By ROI.mc
imagepy/tools/Network/Graph Statistic.gif
imagepy/tools/Network/Graph Statistic.mc
imagepy/tools/Network/Graph Summarise.gif
imagepy/tools/Network/Graph Summarise.mc
imagepy/tools/Network/__init__.py
imagepy/tools/Network/graphcut.gif
imagepy/tools/Network/graphcut_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Network/graphpen.gif
imagepy/tools/Network/graphpen_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Stack/Add Slice.gif
imagepy/tools/Stack/Add Slice.mc
imagepy/tools/Stack/Delete Slice.gif
imagepy/tools/Stack/Delete Slice.mc
imagepy/tools/Stack/Next Slice.gif
imagepy/tools/Stack/Next Slice.mc
imagepy/tools/Stack/Orthogonal View.gif
imagepy/tools/Stack/Orthogonal View.mc
imagepy/tools/Stack/Previous Slice.gif
imagepy/tools/Stack/Previous Slice.mc
imagepy/tools/Stack/Set Slice.gif
imagepy/tools/Stack/Set Slice.mc
imagepy/tools/Stack/__init__.py
imagepy/tools/Standard/__init__.py
imagepy/tools/Standard/colorpicker.gif
imagepy/tools/Standard/colorpicker_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Standard/freearea.gif
imagepy/tools/Standard/freearea_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Standard/freeline.gif
imagepy/tools/Standard/freeline_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Standard/line.gif
imagepy/tools/Standard/line_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Standard/magic.gif
imagepy/tools/Standard/magic_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Standard/move.gif
imagepy/tools/Standard/move_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Standard/oval.gif
imagepy/tools/Standard/oval_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Standard/painter.gif
imagepy/tools/Standard/painter_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Standard/point.gif
imagepy/tools/Standard/point_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Standard/polygon.gif
imagepy/tools/Standard/polygon_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Standard/rectangle.gif
imagepy/tools/Standard/rectangle_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Standard/scale.gif
imagepy/tools/Standard/scale_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Toolkit3D/Build Graph3D.gif
imagepy/tools/Toolkit3D/Build Graph3D.mc
imagepy/tools/Toolkit3D/Cut Branch 3D.gif
imagepy/tools/Toolkit3D/Cut Branch 3D.mc
imagepy/tools/Toolkit3D/Show Graph3D.gif
imagepy/tools/Toolkit3D/Show Graph3D.mc
imagepy/tools/Toolkit3D/Surface3D.gif
imagepy/tools/Toolkit3D/Surface3D.mc
imagepy/tools/Toolkit3D/__init__.py
imagepy/tools/Toolkit3D/cursor3d.gif
imagepy/tools/Toolkit3D/cursor3d_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Toolkit3D/flood3d.gif
imagepy/tools/Toolkit3D/flood3d_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Transform/__init__.py
imagepy/tools/Transform/rotate.gif
imagepy/tools/Transform/rotate_tol.py
imagepy/tools/Transform/scale.gif
imagepy/tools/Transform/scale_tol.py
imagepy/ui/__init__.py
imagepy/ui/canvas.py
imagepy/ui/canvasframe.py
imagepy/ui/logwindow.py
imagepy/ui/mainframe.py
imagepy/ui/mkdownwindow.py
imagepy/ui/panelconfig.py
imagepy/ui/plotwindow.py
imagepy/ui/pluginloader.py
imagepy/ui/propertygrid.py
imagepy/ui/tableframe.py
imagepy/ui/tablewindow.py
imagepy/ui/toolsloader.py
imagepy/ui/widgetsloader.py
imagepy/ui/workflowwindow.py
imagepy/ui/widgets/__init__.py
imagepy/ui/widgets/advanced.py
imagepy/ui/widgets/cmappanel.py
imagepy/ui/widgets/colormap.py
imagepy/ui/widgets/curvepanel.py
imagepy/ui/widgets/histpanel.py
imagepy/ui/widgets/normal.py
imagepy/ui/widgets/viewport.py
imagepy/widgets/__init__.py
imagepy/widgets/histogram/__init__.py
imagepy/widgets/histogram/curve_wgt.py
imagepy/widgets/histogram/histogram_wgt.py
imagepy/widgets/navigator/__init__.py
imagepy/widgets/navigator/navigator_wgt.py